TRACING-3472: add documentation about instrumentation injection for OTEL (#19)
max-cx/openshift-docs: distr_tracing/distr_tracing_otel/distr-tracing-otel-instrumentation.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="distr-tracing-otel-instrumentation"]

> = Configuring and deploying the OpenTelemetry Instrumentation Injection

Author: ```suggestion
= Configuring and deploying the OpenTelemetry Instrumentation injection
```

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: distr-tracing-otel-instrumentation

toc::[]

> The {OTELName} Operator uses a custom resource definition (CRD) file that define the configuraton of the Instrumentation.

Author: ```suggestion
The {OTELName} Operator uses a custom resource definition (CRD) file that defines the configuration of the Instrumentation.
```
